README.md, before:

# AstroShield Platform

The AstroShield Platform is a comprehensive solution for Space Domain Awareness (SDA) that integrates sensors, analytics, and threat assessment to protect space assets. This platform follows a microservices architecture organized around core subsystems that handle different aspects of the SDA mission.

## Repository Structure

The repository is organized into the following main components:

- **src/asttroshield/**: Core AstroShield subsystem architecture and components
- **src/kafka_client/**: Kafka producer and consumer examples
- **astroshield-integration-package/**: Partner integration package with schemas and examples
- **examples/**: Usage examples for various platform capabilities
- **ui/**: User interface components for visualization and interaction
- **tools/**: Utility scripts and development tools

## Repository Management

This repository uses Git LFS (Large File Storage) to efficiently manage large files such as models and binary data. For details on working with Git LFS, see [GIT_LFS_GUIDE.md](GIT_LFS_GUIDE.md).

For information on repository cleanup and restructuring, see [REPOSITORY_CLEANUP.md](REPOSITORY_CLEANUP.md).

## Core Architecture

AstroShield implements a subsystem-based architecture as defined in the SDA specifications. The system consists of the following subsystems:

### Subsystems

1. **Subsystem 0 (SS0) - Data Ingestion**: Handles raw data ingestion from sensors and external sources
2. **Subsystem 1 (SS1) - Target Modeling**: Processes ingested data to create and update target models
3. **Subsystem 2 (SS2) - State Estimation**: Tracks objects and estimates their current and future states
4. **Subsystem 3 (SS3) - Command & Control (C2)**: Manages mission control and decision support
5. **Subsystem 4 (SS4) - CCDM Detection**: Detects Camouflage, Concealment, Deception, and Maneuvering
6. **Subsystem 5 (SS5) - Hostility Monitoring**: Monitors for potentially hostile actions
7. **Subsystem 6 (SS6) - Threat Assessment**: Analyzes detected activities and provides threat assessments

## Message-Driven Architecture

The AstroShield platform is built on a message-driven architecture using Kafka as the messaging backbone. All subsystems communicate through standardized message formats that include:

- **Headers**: Metadata about the message, including trace information
- **Payloads**: The actual content of the message (schema-validated)

### Message Traceability

A key feature of the AstroShield platform is message traceability. Every message includes:

- `messageId`: A unique identifier for each message
- `traceId`: An identifier that remains consistent through an entire message chain
- `parentMessageIds`: References to messages that triggered the current message

This traceability provides complete visibility into message flow throughout the system, making it easier to debug, audit, and validate system behavior.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+
- Kafka cluster (we use Confluent Cloud in production)
- Environment variables for Kafka configuration

### Setting Up the Environment

1. Clone this repository
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/your-org/astroshield.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and fill in your Kafka credentials

### Running the Example Application

The example application demonstrates how multiple subsystems can work together:

```
python src/example_app.py --all
```

Or run a specific subsystem:

```
python src/example_app.py --subsystem 0
```

## Integration Package

For partners looking to integrate with AstroShield, refer to the `astroshield-integration-package` directory, which contains:

- Message schemas for all subsystems
- Example code for consuming and producing messages
- Documentation on integration patterns

## Recent Updates

- **Standardized Message Structure**: All messages now use a consistent structure with headers for traceability
- **Subsystem Architecture**: Implemented the complete subsystem-based architecture according to SDA specifications
- **Message Tracing**: Added comprehensive message tracing across all subsystems
- **Kafka Utilities**: Created utility classes for standardized Kafka interaction
- **Example Application**: Added a complete example application demonstrating subsystem coordination

## License

This software is proprietary and confidential. Refer to the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

For questions or support, contact the AstroShield development team at support@example.com.


Updated: Mon Jan 13 16:20:52 PST 2025

Commit message:

Update README.md and add REPOSITORY_CLEANUP.md

README.md, after:

# AstroShield Platform

The AstroShield Platform is a comprehensive solution for Space Domain Awareness (SDA) that integrates sensors, analytics, and threat assessment to protect space assets. This platform follows a microservices architecture organized around core subsystems that handle different aspects of the SDA mission.

## Repository Structure

The repository is organized into the following main components:

- **src/asttroshield/**: Core AstroShield subsystem architecture and components
- **src/kafka_client/**: Kafka producer and consumer examples
- **astroshield-integration-package/**: Partner integration package with schemas and examples
- **examples/**: Usage examples for various platform capabilities
- **ui/**: User interface components for visualization and interaction
- **tools/**: Utility scripts and development tools

## Repository Management

This repository uses Git LFS (Large File Storage) to efficiently manage large files such as models and binary data. For details on working with Git LFS, see [GIT_LFS_GUIDE.md](GIT_LFS_GUIDE.md).

### Git LFS

Large files in this repository (models, checkpoints, etc.) are managed using Git LFS. When you clone this repository, you'll need to:

1. Install Git LFS: https://git-lfs.github.com/
2. Run `git lfs install` to set up Git LFS
3. Run `git lfs pull` to download the large files

### Backup Directory

The `backup/` directory contains large files that were removed from the main repository to reduce its size. These files are not tracked by Git but are preserved for reference. To restore files from the backup directory, you can use the provided script:

```bash
./restore_from_backup.sh
```

For information on repository cleanup and restructuring, see [REPOSITORY_CLEANUP.md](REPOSITORY_CLEANUP.md).

## Core Architecture

AstroShield implements a subsystem-based architecture as defined in the SDA specifications. The system consists of the following subsystems:

### Subsystems

1. **Subsystem 0 (SS0) - Data Ingestion**: Handles raw data ingestion from sensors and external sources
2. **Subsystem 1 (SS1) - Target Modeling**: Processes ingested data to create and update target models
3. **Subsystem 2 (SS2) - State Estimation**: Tracks objects and estimates their current and future states
4. **Subsystem 3 (SS3) - Command & Control (C2)**: Manages mission control and decision support
5. **Subsystem 4 (SS4) - CCDM Detection**: Detects Camouflage, Concealment, Deception, and Maneuvering
6. **Subsystem 5 (SS5) - Hostility Monitoring**: Monitors for potentially hostile actions
7. **Subsystem 6 (SS6) - Threat Assessment**: Analyzes detected activities and provides threat assessments

## Message-Driven Architecture

The AstroShield platform is built on a message-driven architecture using Kafka as the messaging backbone. All subsystems communicate through standardized message formats that include:

- **Headers**: Metadata about the message, including trace information
- **Payloads**: The actual content of the message (schema-validated)

### Message Traceability

A key feature of the AstroShield platform is message traceability. Every message includes:

- `messageId`: A unique identifier for each message
- `traceId`: An identifier that remains consistent through an entire message chain
- `parentMessageIds`: References to messages that triggered the current message

This traceability provides complete visibility into message flow throughout the system, making it easier to debug, audit, and validate system behavior.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+
- Kafka cluster (we use Confluent Cloud in production)
- Environment variables for Kafka configuration

### Setting Up the Environment

1. Clone this repository
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/your-org/astroshield.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and fill in your Kafka credentials

### Running the Example Application

The example application demonstrates how multiple subsystems can work together:

```
python src/example_app.py --all
```

Or run a specific subsystem:

```
python src/example_app.py --subsystem 0
```

## Integration Package

For partners looking to integrate with AstroShield, refer to the `astroshield-integration-package` directory, which contains:

- Message schemas for all subsystems
- Example code for consuming and producing messages
- Documentation on integration patterns

## Recent Updates

- **Standardized Message Structure**: All messages now use a consistent structure with headers for traceability
- **Subsystem Architecture**: Implemented the complete subsystem-based architecture according to SDA specifications
- **Message Tracing**: Added comprehensive message tracing across all subsystems
- **Kafka Utilities**: Created utility classes for standardized Kafka interaction
- **Example Application**: Added a complete example application demonstrating subsystem coordination

## License

This software is proprietary and confidential. Refer to the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

For questions or support, contact the AstroShield development team at support@example.com.


Updated: Mon Jan 13 16:20:52 PST 2025
